♪ Katarenai nemurenai toroimera
(I can’t talk, I can’t sleep, toroimerai* )
♪ Anata no miteru shoutai
(The true character you are seeing)
♪ Daremo yomenai karute
(A record that no one can read)
♪ Fukashigi shiritai dake (I just want to know wonder)
♪ Uso mo genjitsu mo (Both lies and reality)
♪ Docchi mo shinjitsu datta no hontou yo (Both of them were true.)
♪ Kyou mo hitorigoto (I am mumbling again today)
♪ Nannimo muri wo shinaide watashi aisaretai
(I want to be loved just being myself)
♪ Uyamuya sayonara karui memai (Keeping it vague, Good bye, light dizziness)
♪ Anata no inai genshoukai
(A phenomenal world without you)
♪ Daremo yomenai karute (A record that no one can read)
♪ Jiishiki afuredashite (Overflowing self-consciousness)
♪ Kodou sekaizou (Beating, world image)
♪ Itsumo kami awanai no itakute
(It’s always a bit off, it hurts)
♪ Maiyo negaigoto
(Every night I wish)
♪ Nannimo utagawanaide
(I don’t want to doubt anything, )
♪ Mazari toke aitai
(and I want to melt together)
♪ Tawainai wakaranai riyuu sonzai (Silly, I don’t know, Reasoning, Existing)
♪ Anata to nokosu koukai (Regret that we leave together)
♪ Daremo yomenai karute (A record that no one can read)
♪ Fuyukai kurikaeshite (Unpleasant, repeating)
♪ Tadashii yume wa kanashii koe wa
(What’s the right dreams? Why are there sad voices?)
♪ tsukushii? utagawashii? urayamashii?
Nee, dore
(It’s beautiful? Doubtful? Jealous? Hey, which one?)
♪ Katarenai nemurenai toroimerai (I can’t talk, I can’t sleep, toroimerai* )
♪ Anata no miteru shoutai
(The true character you are seeing)
♪ Daremo yomenai karute (A record that no one can read)
♪ Fukashigi shiritai dake (I just want to know wonder)
♪ Owaranai koto wa nai toroimerai
(There is an end, toroimerai* )
♪ Anata to matagu kyoukai
(Boundary that we cross together)
♪ Daremo yomenai karute (A record that no one can read)
♪ Shishunki kizuguchi mune no uchi (Adolescent, wound, inside of heart)
♪ Fukashigi shiritai dake (I just want to know wonder)